Introduce `EnzoPhysicsGravity` (#340)
enzo-project/enzo-e: doc/source/devel/physics.rst

A particular scenario where this is relevant is when separate (somewhat-interchangable) :cpp:class:`!Method` classes implement different algorithms to model the same set of physics.
For example, consider the storage/access of the dual-energy formalism configuration.
Since this is mostly relevant in the context of a hydro-solver it may make sense to store this information in the :cpp:class:`!Method` class that encapsulates a hydro-solver.
However, because Enzo-E has :cpp:class:`!Method` classes that implement different hydro-solvers (that use the dual-energy formalism), we instead encode this information in a :cpp:class:`!Physics` class.

There are also scenarios where some configuration information isn't really associated with any singular :cpp:class:`!Method`.
For example the Equation-Of-State is important to a number of different methods.
Another example includes the Gravitational Constant - this is important in self-gravity solvers and external-potential solvers, which are implemented in different :cpp:class:`!Method` classes.

General Tips
============

> The general advise is to implement a :cpp:class:`!Physics` class so that it is immutable (after construction the instance's state doesn't change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general advice is to implement a :cpp:class:`!Physics` class so that it is immutable (after construction the instance's state doesn't change).
```

> This makes the behavior of :cpp:class:`!Physics` classes much easier to reason about since a single PE only has one instance of a :cpp:class:`!Physics` given class, but is responsible for evolving one or more instances of :cpp:class:`EnzoBlock`.

Reviewer: Not super familiar with the Enzo-e docs; if PE is common nomenclature this is probably fine
```suggestion
This makes the behavior of :cpp:class:`!Physics` classes much easier to reason about since a single processing element only has one instance of a :cpp:class:`!Physics` given class, but is responsible for evolving one or more instances of :cpp:class:`EnzoBlock`.
```

Author: Good point

Quirky Implementations
======================

> :cpp:class:`!EnzoPhysicsCosmology` currently tracks some mutable state.

Reviewer: Is it possible to list these? I assume the scale factor is one.
